As soon as you open your mouth, there is a sour taste
So disgusting cousin
Shouldn't that be the smell on you?
Feifei, if you have anything to do, come to me
Why target the police?
Or a pair of miserable mandarin ducks?
I'm so damned touched.
You'd better shut up.
Sister, you really have no eyes
Let a wealthy family like the Xu family not marry
Another stinky trash picker
You two are a perfect match
Is it because you are jealous of Feifei?
It's okay, it's too late to regret now
Let your sisters spend
How about serving me together?
Shameless caution let's go
I can't stay here for another minute.
Don't worry
I haven't seen what they want to play yet
Since they sent us invitations
Although they want us to witness their love
If you leave like this
Isn't it not giving face to my cousin and Xu Shao?
You are quite self-aware, you trash
Then ask my cousin to let me know
Sister, do you know that women all over the world
What is your dream jewelry?
Heart of the Ocean
What's the matter? It's made of premium emeralds.
Have you seen it?
Oh, it seems that you have never seen it.
He'll be wearing it on my neck in a while
Xu Hao gave it to you
Who else could it be?
Could it be him, the trash?